Better than I could have ever expected a Barbie movie to be.

Full Review | Original Score: A+ | Aug 6, 2023


Frank Wilkins
Reel Reviews
Gracefully combines the lightness of cotton candy entertainment with the cleverness of a well-crafted plot

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Aug 4, 2023


Maria Lattila
WhyNow (UK)
Barbie is Gerwig’s weirdest, funniest and most bonkers film to date. Within the studio system, we should all be very grateful it exists.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Aug 4, 2023


Leonard Maltin
leonardmaltin.com
TOP CRITIC
When I became a father I searched for movies that would show my daughter positive role models, and it was tough going. Barbie makes up for lost time and should warm the hearts of parents and daughters alike.

Full Review | Aug 3, 2023


Danny Minton
Houston Community Newspapers
...portrays the message that men need women but women, most of the time, only need themselves, but I doubt most will be offended as the harshness is done in a loving and humorous manner that we men are not supposed to understand in the first place.

Full Review | Original Score: B+ | Aug 3, 2023


Damian Levy
DamianMichaelMovies.com
TOP CRITIC
In a world where blockbuster films are surrounded by digital landscapes, Barbie’s devotion to practical production is outstanding.

Full Review | Original Score: Big Screen Watch | Aug 3, 2023


Matthew Jackson
The Huntsville Item (TX)
It might not land perfectly for every single member of its audience, but at its core, “Barbie” is a movie packed with joy, and a blast of fun at the movies this summer.

Full Review | Aug 2, 2023


Rebecca Liu
Another Gaze
Barbie performs a great trick: it takes in crowds aching for fantasy and switches the script, telling them that reality and their flawed, beautiful selves is all they have to love.

Full Review | Aug 2, 2023


Joe Lapointe
Metro Times (Detroit, MI)
If you don’t like one gag, stick around, another is on the way.

Full Review | Aug 2, 2023


Rick Bentley
KGET-TV (Bakersfield, CA)
Robbie and Ryan Gosling as Ken were superb casting. They both can project a very plastic emotional shell or be internally damaged when needed.

Full Review | Original Score: B- | Aug 1, 2023


Robert Roten
Laramie Movie Scope
It is clever and funny at times. The look of the movie, with its vibrant Barbieland colors, is a wonderful change from the bland way most movies look nowadays.

Full Review | Original Score: C+ | Aug 1, 2023


Neil Soans
The Times of India
Slathered with satire that isn’t sugar-coated, Barbie’s message hits hard.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Aug 1, 2023


Tom Fitzgerald and Lorenzo Marquez
Tom & Lorenzo
The film tries to do too much, but we can’t be anything less than deeply impressed that anyone came up with too many smart, funny, biting things to say in a movie about Barbie, of all things.

Full Review | Aug 1, 2023


Rosa Parra
The Daily Chela
“Barbie” is the perfect brand to tell this story. An unexpected exploration of the value of being a human being, how we shouldn’t be solely defined by our gender and the pros and cons of both matriarchy and patriarchy

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/5 | Aug 1, 2023


Reginald Ponder
vocalo.org
This film is pink on estrogen! It is a smart, fun and important look at an American Icon. It humorously portrays male figures like Ken as accessories in Barbie Land, but the focus remains on highlighting Barbie's importance rather than vilifying men.

Full Review | Original Score: 3/4 | Aug 1, 2023


Louisa Moore
Screen Zealots
A fearless feminist manifesto that’s perfectly wrapped in a pretty pink bow, the film is a defiant, thought-provoking, brutally honest exploration of the female experience.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Sarah Manvel
In Their Own League
Gosling walks away with the film, both through the patriarchy and his hilariously sincere performance. Overall, it’s one hell of an achievement. It’s just not the one we were looking for.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Tim Brennan
About Boulder
The good news is that Barbie is an excellent film and is possibly the cinematic event of the summer. In leading their team, Margot Robbie and Greta Gerwig have made a smart and sunny blockbuster with something to say.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Erin Schwartz
The Nation
Greta Gerwig tackles philosophical questions that are more daunting than a film based on a children’s toy can handle. It results in a strange, uneven, but beautiful movie.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Juan José Beteta
Cinencuentro
The film goes beyond an ideological corset, yet it remains faithful to its framework as a comedy about marketing fiction. [Full review in Spanish]

Barbie has a lot of good qualities. ... The problem is that a little amount of Barbie and Ken goes a long way, and the film eventually comes off as one-note. Barbie could have been a great Saturday Night Live skit.

Full Review | Original Score: 2.5/4 | Aug 1, 2023


Louisa Moore
Screen Zealots
A fearless feminist manifesto that’s perfectly wrapped in a pretty pink bow, the film is a defiant, thought-provoking, brutally honest exploration of the female experience.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Prathyush Parasuraman
Film Companion
Margot Robbie stars as Stereotypical Barbie with Ryan Gosling is her Ken, but the film doesn’t live up to the hype.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Sarah Manvel
In Their Own League
Gosling walks away with the film, both through the patriarchy and his hilariously sincere performance. Overall, it’s one hell of an achievement. It’s just not the one we were looking for.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Tim Brennan
About Boulder
The good news is that Barbie is an excellent film and is possibly the cinematic event of the summer. In leading their team, Margot Robbie and Greta Gerwig have made a smart and sunny blockbuster with something to say.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Tarpley Hitt
The Nation
In trying to say too much, the film winds up not saying much at all.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Erin Schwartz
The Nation
Greta Gerwig tackles philosophical questions that are more daunting than a film based on a children’s toy can handle. It results in a strange, uneven, but beautiful movie.

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Juan José Beteta
Cinencuentro
The film goes beyond an ideological corset, yet it remains faithful to its framework as a comedy about marketing fiction. [Full review in Spanish]

Full Review | Jul 31, 2023


Lisa Johnson Mandell
AtHomeInHollywood.com
Just enjoy the performances by fine actors having a ball in fabulous costumes on outrageous sets. And if you or your little sisters come away with some meaty food for thought, more power to it. It can be many things to many people. That's the glory of it.

Full Review | Jul 30, 2023


Jason Fraley
WTOP (Washington, D.C.)
Much deeper than its superficial pink packaging. Greta Gerwig cleverly comments on the complex gender dynamics of a popular toy brand that has so many inherent contradictions. Listen closely and you’ll hear the box office shouting: “Closer I am to fine!”

Full Review | Original Score: 4.5/5 | Jul 29, 2023


Joanne Laurier
World Socialist Web Site
Barbie is strained and smug without much wit. One should bear in mind that Mattel, with revenue of $42 billion in 2022, partnered with Warner Bros. on the making of the movie.

Full Review | Jul 29, 2023


David Griffiths
Subculture Entertainment
Sadly, Barbie isn’t the brilliant film that many hoped it would be. The cheesy comedy often gets in the way of what could have been a very important storyline and to be honest many will expect more from a Gerwig film.

Full Review | Original Score: 2/5 | Jul 29, 2023


Matthew Pejkovic
Matt's Movie Reviews
A high-heeled Trojan horse from which it espouses all matter of feminist nonsense that is eye-rolling at best and sexist at worst.

Full Review | Original Score: 2/5 | Jul 29, 2023


Mini Anthikad-Chhibber
The Hindu
Barbie, the doll, not the movie, is made of contradictions and Gerwig has done a mighty fine job of giving those contradictions the sparkliest, shiniest, warmest visual avatar.

Full Review | Jul 29, 2023


Sheri Flanders
Chicago Reader
TOP CRITIC
Greta Gerwig serves up a frothy confection of fashion and fun coupled with searing social critique of the iconic doll in the movie Barbie.

Full Review | Jul 29, 2023


Eileen Jones
The Jacobin
With a clever opening sequence and an excellent cast, Barbie manages to overcome cumbersome plotting and feminist pieties to provide a delightful spectacle of funny moments that add up to something pretty good.

Full Review | Jul 29, 2023


Alison Gillmor
Winnipeg Free Press
Amid all the pink, there’s plenty of room for a think.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Jul 29, 2023


Devesh Sharma
Filmfare
Through the film’s satirical insights about modern society, the director asks all the right questions.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Jul 29, 2023


Tony Baker
Tony Baker Comedy
Barbie was solid -- it was a good time [with a] great message.

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/5 | Jul 28, 2023


André Hereford
Metro Weekly (Washington, DC)
'Barbie' actually turns examining the toy’s impact on generations of girls and women into its whole raison d’être.

or every nod and wink it offers the audience, there is also an urgent call to attention simmering beneath those barbed and razor-sharp quips and puns.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Jul 28, 2023


Allie Gregory
Exclaim!
Is Barbie a goofy romp or a heady subversion of genre?

Full Review | Original Score: 8/10 | Jul 28, 2023


Neely Swanson
Beverly Hills Courier
The film may skew towards girls but there’s more than enough story, laughs and pratfalls for boys and their dads to embrace.

Full Review | Jul 28, 2023


Adam Kempenaar
Filmspotting
TOP CRITIC
Gerwig’s satire and the comedic chops of Robbie and, especially, Gosling fall into perfect rhythm once Barbie and Ken leave the candy-colored comforts of Barbie Land and Ken discovers the patriarchy.

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/5 | Jul 28, 2023


Susan Granger
SSG Syndicate
Margot Robbie and Greta Gerwig have created an edgy, existential, empowering comedy-adventure that cleverly exposes our sexist societal shortcomings.

Full Review | Original Score: 8/10 | Jul 28, 2023


Sonny Bunch
The Bulwark
The story of Barbieland’s descent into a patriarchal nightmare ... fails at the most basic level of prompting laughs. This is a mild problem for a film that is ostensibly a comedy.

Full Review | Original Score: 2/4 | Jul 28, 2023


JD Duran
InSession Film
BARBIE was always destined to deconstruct the long-lasting stereotypes around perfectionism with Barbie, but the way Greta Gerwig does that still blew away all expectations.

Full Review | Original Score: A | Jul 28, 2023


Sarah Marrs
Lainey Gossip
Barbie is a lunatic fable about girlhood, good vibes, and going for it that proposes self-acceptance as the most radical act of self-love, told by a doll—person? Yes!—that is positive and problematic at the same time.

Full Review | Jul 28, 2023


Cody Leach
Cody Leach (YouTube)
Barbie is vibrant and refreshingly creative with its heavy-handed messaging. It's a shame they fell a bit short with bringing the message to a fully satisfying conclusion. A satire that's not gonna resonate with everyone...but what satire ever does?

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/5 | Jul 27, 2023


Saibal Chatterjee
NDTV
Barbie is pulp and just as well - it never ceases to be enjoyable.

Full Review | Jul 27, 2023


Loren King
Newport This Week (RI)
Director Greta Gerwig achieves the feat of a delivering a big budget Barbie movie with smart and subversive social commentary, all wrapped up in a hot pink cotton candy camp valentine.

Full Review | Jul 27, 2023


Robert Denerstein
Denerstein Unleashed
Gerwig finds enough laughs to keep anyone from trying to plumb any depths or wonder whether the plot makes any sense at all

Full Review | Jul 27, 2023


Michael J. Casey
Boulder Weekly
Barbie is a very hip movie with something to say, but the narrative leaves so little room for nuance and interpretation that you walk out with more questions than curiosities.

Full Review | Original Score: 2.5/5 | Jul 27, 2023


Lily Dreven
Letras Libres
In Barbie, Greta Gerwig presents a genuine and candid vision. She dramatizes the anguish of adult life, yet transforms it into a relaxed experience, with moments of comedy and musical interludes. [Full review in Spanish]

Full Review | Jul 27, 2023


Amelia Harvey
Frame Rated
Gerwig’s Barbie isn’t trying to create a Feminist World Order, she’s merely using a well-known character to exaggerate society’s flaws. The message of this movie really is equality and regaining the balance of power.

Full Review | Original Score: 4.5/5 | Jul 27, 2023


Dwight Brown
DwightBrownInk.com
TOP CRITIC
Gerwig’s glee as a director is evident... It’s a lot to take in, and some skits work better than others. But if you consider this movie to be a package deal, the package is wrapped nice and tight -- but not perfectly.

Full Review | Original Score: 3/4 | Jul 27, 2023


Victoria Luxford
BBC.com
TOP CRITIC
It’s funny, it’s bright and uplifting, and I think has a lot to say about the modern world – both in terms of feminism and gender equality. Ryan Gosling really goes all-out.

Full Review | Original Score: 4/5 | Jul 27, 2023


Sean P. Means
The Movie Cricket
[Robbie] takes this amorphous idea of the Barbie doll and finds her heart and soul, and makes her a fully realized woman. And I’ll be damned if the guy [Gosling] doesn’t nearly steal the movie from her.

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/4 | Jul 27, 2023


Jorge Loser
Espinof
This production manages to fit in a pop show, absurd comedy, feminist content, parody, and Greta Gerwig's auteurist sensibility. [Full review in Spanish]

Full Review | Original Score: 3.5/5 | Jul 27, 2023


Matthew Creith
IN Magazine
It is a pop culture phenomenon that has taken over the moment by introducing modern femininity to viewers willing to ditch streaming and head to theaters. It’s campy, introspective, fun, and emotional all in one movie.